Resolves #1812 (#2207)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs: docset/windows/webadministration/New-WebAppPool.md

```

## DESCRIPTION

> The **New-WebAppPool** cmdlet creates an Internet Information Services (IIS) application pool. For changing different properties of the application pool after creation check the following article - [PowerShell Snap-in: Making Configuration Changes to Websites and App Pools](https://docs.microsoft.com/iis/manage/powershell/powershell-snap-in-making-simple-configuration-changes-to-web-sites-and-application-pools).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **New-WebAppPool** cmdlet creates an Internet Information Services (IIS) application pool. For changing different properties of the application pool after creation, see [PowerShell Snap-in: Making Configuration Changes to Websites and App Pools](https://docs.microsoft.com/iis/manage/powershell/powershell-snap-in-making-simple-configuration-changes-to-web-sites-and-application-pools).
```

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Create an IIS application pool
```powershell
IIS:\> New-WebAppPool -Name "NewAppPool"
```

This command creates an IIS application pool named NewAppPool.

### Example 2: Create an IIS application pool and set autoStart
```powershell
IIS:\> $newAppPool = New-WebAppPool -Name "NewAppPool"
IIS:\> $newAppPool.autoStart = "false"
IIS:\> $newAppPool | Set-Item
```

This command creates an IIS application pool named NewAppPool and sets **autoStart** property to false.

> ### Example 2: Create an IIS application pool and set managedRuntimeVersion

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Example 3: Create an IIS application pool and set managedRuntimeVersion
```
